Doc: Terminology update and minor grammar corrections (#3482)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/docs/getting-started/intro-to-ansible-and-avd.md

![Figure: Arista Leaf Spine topology](../_media/getting-started/single-dc-topology-physical.png)

> Traditionally one would configure the switches manually using a laptop, console cable, and USB key to load the correct EOS software image and configuration. Of course, the configuration would be manually generated, using snippets from the relevant Arista design guides, or copying/pasting from existing devices. Configurations would have to be manually adapted to each and every device, which is time-consuming and error-prone. Imagine a new pair of leaf switches or new VRFs/VLANs were added to the network, changes would need to be made to most of the devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Traditionally, one would configure the switches manually using a laptop, console cable, and USB key to load the correct EOS software image and configuration. Of course, the configuration would be manually generated using snippets from the relevant Arista design guides or copied/pasted from existing devices. Configurations must be manually adapted to every device, which is time-consuming and error-prone. Imagine a new pair of leaf switches or new VRFs/VLANs were added to the network; changes would need to be made to most of the devices.
```

Using Arista Validated Designs (AVD), this task is automated, greatly simplified, and made considerably faster. All the basic network configuration is guaranteed to be identical across the entire fabric from day one. No longer do you have to manually inspect each device for errors or differences. AVD will ensure the consistency and accuracy of your configuration not only for initial deployment but for all subsequent network changes.

> AVD is based on best practices from [Arista Design and Deployment Guides](https://www.arista.com/en/solutions/design-guides), meaning you get the full benefit of Arista's experience in deploying large-scale leaf spine fabrics. AVD fully integrates with Arista CloudVision, which adds a change control workflow, continuous compliance check, and network topology overview as well as real-time streaming telemetry including flow-based data and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AVD is based on best practices from [Arista Design and Deployment Guides](https://www.arista.com/en/solutions/design-guides), meaning you get the full benefit of Arista's experience deploying large-scale leaf spine fabrics. AVD fully integrates with Arista CloudVision, which adds a change control workflow, continuous compliance check, network topology overview, real-time streaming telemetry including flow-based data, and more.
```

![Figure: Arista Leaf Spine topology](../_media/getting-started/single-dc-topology-physical.png)

Traditionally one would configure the switches manually using a laptop, console cable, and USB key to load the correct EOS software

> image and configuration. Of course, the configuration would be manually generated, using snippets from the relevant Arista design guides, or copying/pasting from existing devices. Configurations would have to be manually adapted to each and every device, which is time-consuming and prone to errors. Consider what would happen if a new pair of leaf switches or new VRFs/VLANs were added to the network - changes would need to be made to most of the devices.

Reviewer 2: I'd simplify:
Imagine a new pair of leaf switches or new VRFs/VLANs were added to the network - changes would need to be made to most of the devices.

Author: addressed in 6e84056

Using Arista Validated Designs (AVD), this task is automated, greatly simplified, and made considerably faster. All the basic network configuration is guaranteed to be identical across the entire fabric from day one. No longer do you have to manually inspect each device for errors or differences. AVD will ensure the consistency and accuracy of your configuration not only for initial deployment but for all subsequent network changes.

> AVD is also based on best practices from [Arista Design and Deployment Guides](https://www.arista.com/en/solutions/design-guides), meaning you get the full benefit of Arista's experience in deploying large-scale leaf spine fabrics. AVD fully integrates with Arista CloudVision, which adds a change control workflow, continuous compliance check, and network topology overview as well as real-time streaming telemetry including flow-based data and more.

Reviewer 2: Delete `also`

> AVD is also based on best practices from [Arista Design and Deployment Guides](https://www.arista.com/en/solutions/design-guides), meaning you get the full benefit of Arista's experience in deploying large-scale leaf spine fabrics. AVD fully integrates with Arista CloudVision, which adds a change control workflow, continuous compliance check, and network topology overview as well as real-time streaming telemetry including flow-based data and more.

Author: ```suggestion
AVD is based on best practices from [Arista Design and Deployment Guides](https://www.arista.com/en/solutions/design-guides), meaning you get the full benefit of Arista's experience in deploying large-scale leaf spine fabrics. AVD fully integrates with Arista CloudVision, which adds a change control workflow, continuous compliance check, and network topology overview as well as real-time streaming telemetry including flow-based data and more.
```

Arista and accepts third-party contributions on GitHub at [aristanetworks/ansible-avd](https://github.com/aristanetworks/ansible-avd).

While Ansible is the core automation engine, AVD is an Ansible Collection described above. It provides roles, modules, and plugins

> that allow the user to generate and deploy best-practice configurations to a layer three leaf-spine network.

Reviewer 3: AVD supports more than l3ls now, so maybe the end of this sentence could be changed to "... configurations to Arista based networks of various different designs."

Author: addressed in 6e84056

Since operating many networking devices also typically results in having many networking engineers, there is even more room for error. Different people do things differently, and repetitive tasks aren't always executed in the same manner.

With AVD, you define not only the topology of your network centrally but also which services are used where in a central repository of text files. Furthermore, because this data is stored in text files, it's possible to apply version control (for example, using tools like git, subversion, or mercurial) to this system of record, giving you visibility of when the intended configuration was changed and by whom.

> This system of record means you have a complete overview of your entire designed network configuration without having to look at individual network devices. An additional benefit of AVD is that by design, you always have a backup of your network configuration. Including automated documentation in markdown format, you no longer have to remember to update documentation about which interface is connected to which device, etc., whenever you change something on a device. Instead, it's all done automatically based on the configuration built and applied to the network devices by Ansible every time you execute the playbooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This system of record means you have a complete overview of your designed network configuration without looking at individual network devices. An additional benefit of AVD is that by design, you always have a network configuration backup. Including automated documentation in markdown format, you no longer have to remember to update documentation about which interface is connected to which device, etc., whenever you change something on a device. Instead, it's all done automatically based on the configuration built and applied to the network devices by Ansible every time you execute the playbooks.
```

While this play shows both the `eos_designs` and `eos_cli_config_gen` roles used together, it's entirely possible to make use of just `eos_cli_config_gen` by itself - this would allow (for example) generation of management configuration that could potentially be merged into an existing network as discussed earlier.

> ## System or Record

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
## System of Record
```

## Day 2 Operations

> Day 2 operations describe most if not all, network configuration changes that occur after the initial configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Day 2 operations describe most, if not all, network configuration changes that occur after the initial configuration.
```
